Probably the best of the compact options for washing machines
The second machine from this series, the first about worked for 10 years, one repair.True, Italian assembly! A new in terms of assembly, no worse than the original, when installing by the level of vibration, at least not noisy!
A good washing machine, the functions are enough, perfectly stood in a small space of a small bathroom.I recommend
Successful size, not noisy.Convenient modes: there are 14 minutes, and at 30, and 59min, we most often use them.
The assessment was reduced only due to an inaccurate description.I ask the seller to carefully fill out the product card by reading the description on the office.site
He performs his duties 100%
The drum has an uneven surface (wavy) in the places of attachment of plastic crests, as well as on the end surface of the drum, stamping defects were found.What to do with this is not clear.How these defects will affect the performance of the machine is also unknown.Not noticed immediately, but after connecting.The impression of the purchase is lubricated.
Under the lid, which on top, take out the transport bolts.
on a drain hose, there is no nut for connecting to the sewage system, there is a fence hose
No
good washing machine with good functionality
It is very good that in a quarter of a century the corps did not change in this baby.I hope the quality has not changed either.I bought to replace Kandy T8 which 24 years and it works, but morally outdated.
Erases well, there are the necessary wash modes.But for almost six months of operation, the bearing has already worn a little, and when the machine is pressed, the machine begins to run a little.I hope it will last 10 years at least.The previous machine of the same brand was able to survive for 10 years, not without repair, of course.
Great machine.They took the daughters as a gift.
It was very worried that she did not immediately be able to check the goods, becauseThere was still repairs in the apartment.As a result, everything is fine.The order was brought before the specified time, for me this is +.Thank you
for 21t.r.An ideal compact machine
Erases perfectly, there is a quick mode of 14 minutes, which was important to me
If you look through the reviews, I am not the only one, but if the reviews of other buyers, then in my opinion everything is.You order Candy MCSS41272D3 CANDY CS4 1272D3/2.It is a little less, slightly less economical, slightly less quiet, slightly delivery of more than 2 weeks and, as a result, you can either return and get money back over time N, or be content with it.
Very satisfied with the machine.I like everything.A slightly different model came, but this is not critical.Wipe off well.The packaging was in perfect order, the delivery is fast.
Brothers in a private house, as our machine broke down, scorching for more than 15 years, searched for something not expensive.This machine for its price very much met expectations.Like the fast washing function for 14 minutes.
Now the question is for ozone: is this model and CS4 1272D3/2-07 monopenisual?When when receiving it scored the code of the one that was delivered, he issued this
Highly recommend.The machine is not expensive, but it washed remarkably, I personally have since 2017, my mother since 2018, and now I still bought one for the cottage now.A lot of programs.
Good washing machine.All functions without excesses.I decided with the phone quickly and without problems.
I ordered Candy MCSS4 1272D3/2-07, and received Candy CS4 1272D3/2-07, these are different models, I noticed when unpacking, I will not return it anymore.be careful
I definitely recommend it
I recommend
This is the third washing machine of this company in our family, and the second with drying, not one has broken, they work without problems I don’t understand why they used to be taken without drying, it is so convenient!We no longer be tormented with folding dryers and hung underwear.There are three drying modes if you choose the right and not sort out from
I recommend by 1000%
The machine came with marriage, it was not possible to wash, plus the seller for loyalty when buying
I dreamed of a machine with a dryer now I completely understand how it is convenient)
An ideal machine for 1-2 people or as an additional one.I took her to the country in the main house.Just perfect: it is erasing and drying and loading normal.And what's the price?!Given that everything has risen in price by 2 times, this is just a gift.The only thing, the smell of plastic from the drum does not go away.And laundry after washing and drying
Great machine
I think it will last me for a long time.Previous Candy machine 2005 in.It still works.
I recommend buying
There is one unnecessary function not necessary with the phone, but how the machine is completely satisfied!Another guarantee would be made 2 years)
Until I washed, it looks beautiful in appearance.
While the Armed Forces works, I am satisfied with everything! So far, I was only 5 times, in different modes
Low price, small size 34. 1100 Superior, 6 kg in the tank.
The machine is already the previous one and this is one plus.He washed well, squeezes even better, not noisy sufficient drum volume.In general, so far we are happy with the purchase, we hope that it will continue to please.
Delivery is fast, a whole of chips nor cracks
She came to replace the old Ardo (she worked 21 years without repairs, but recently she began to jump, buzz and).We decided to change it for a new one with drying.In the work, for now a week but is erasing 2-3 times a day.The quality and functionality of washing and drying is excellent.Quiet enough.And then time will tell.So far, I like the Armed Forces.
Machine Courier Dons to the place !!!Thank you very much !!!!
It would be more aesthetic if the hatch was finished with gray, and not by the braid
I use a week until it justifies its price, erases and squeezes it well, simple in management and not noisy.
Great, the machine has been operating for three months, no problems! Delivery is fast.
Good price, good quality
